[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: We've all
been fascinated by stories
of extraterrestrial contact.
And today on "Beyond
Belief," we've
got the privilege to speak to
someone who is an experiencer,
Kate Thorvaldsen is
from Norway and has
several close
encounters and even
some major encounters with ETs.
She's an author,
artist, radio host.
Kat, welcome to "Beyond Belief."
>>KATE THORVALDSEN: Thank you.
I'm glad to be here.
>>NOORY: When did this
all happen to you?
When did this all start?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, it started
when I was three years old.
>>NOORY: Two years old?
>>THORVALDSEN: Three years old.
>>NOORY: Three years old?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, it
started really early.
>>NOORY: How did that happen?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, this
was actually very close
up to Christmas time.
And my mother, she
has been putting me
to bed for the night.
And I remember I wasn't tired.
And I remember I was standing
in the crib looking out
the big windows that
we had in the bedroom
and suddenly this creature was
coming out from the left wall.
It is a tiny little
creature with a big head,
big black eyes.
And he did not walk.
It was like it was floating.
>>NOORY: Floating right to you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
And then he was standing
up in front of the crib.
And, of course, I
was three years old.
And I didn't know what this was.
So I was like blah,
blah, blah, blah.
>>NOORY: Did it scare you?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
I wasn't afraid.
And I tried to
talk to this thing.
And I understand very
quickly that he didn't speak.
We communicate between
our heads instead.
>>NOORY: Was he bigger than you?
>>THORVALDSEN: A little bit.
Not much.
I was standing in the crib.
And like I said, he was a little
bit, like, this taller than me.
>>NOORY: A 3-year-old is
about that tall anyway, right?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yep.
>>NOORY: Now, did you tell
your mother at three years old?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, I
didn't tell her then.
I think I was just
talking about Santa Claus.
And of course, it was--
>>NOORY: That's who
you thought it was?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
the thing is that when
he was standing there
and we was communicating
for a little while
and he was there
to see if I was OK, that was the
feeling that he was giving me.
And then he was just leaving
the same way he came.
And then in the next
moment, I see this creature
with one more inside a
craft outside the windows.
We were living on
the second floor.
So this is not a car.
And then he just took off.
And then in my little
head, I was thinking, wow,
Santa Claus was here.
So of course, I was
telling my mother
that Santa Claus was coming.
>>NOORY: So you were
kind of like happy
to see this little thing?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, I was.
And the funny thing is
that one week later,
when it was Christmas
Eve, my mother,
she was putting me on her arm,
taking me to the living room
because I was going
to meet Santa.
And when I came into
the living room,
there was this guy with
the red suit, plastic face,
and a false beard.
And I was terrified.
I was screaming.
And I was so angry, too, because
that was not my Santa Claus.
>>NOORY: Your Santa
Claus you saw before.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
And, of course, then,
I told my mother
more how my Santa
Claus looked liked.
And she said, hmm,
OK, I don't think
we will talk about that
any more right now.
And later, when I was
older, I found out why.
Because my mother,
she has seen them,
my grandfather has
seen them, and lot--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>THORVALDSEN: In the family.
It runs in the family.
>>NOORY: That's interesting.
They've been
following your family.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Since the beginning.
And are they still following
you and the family?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Can you kind of
describe what they look like?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, the
first one I met there,
there wasn't that big, I
think around 1 meter, 20-ish.
Didn't look like they
had any kind of clothing.
They were this grayish, white
grayish, like a texture.
>>NOORY: Big heads.
>>THORVALDSEN: Big heads,
yeah, and the big black eyes.
>>NOORY: Typical little alien.
>>THORVALDSEN:
Typical little aliens.
And for me, many people
are talking about,
perhaps they can be robots
or things like that.
I didn't ever get
that feeling, no.
>>NOORY: They move like
something biological?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Did they
communicate with you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah,
telepathically.
>>NOORY: You could
understand them--
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: At three?
>>NOORY: And what did they want?
>>THORVALDSEN: He was just
there to see if I was OK.
It was actually quite nice.
I guess that's why I liked him.
I didn't feel afraid.
>>NOORY: What do you think about
the contact experience, Kat?
What do you think it is?
>>THORVALDSEN: For me, I think
that they are following you.
A lot of people are
thinking that they are just
following bowlines.
For me, I don't think so.
I think that if you
are seeing things
in a bigger perspective,
like past lives and so on,
that you're not just
only been human,
you have been one
of them also before.
And when people talk about just
the Pleiades or the Arcturus
or that's the only place they're
coming from, that's wrong.
Because there are
over, I think it's
around three billions
or trillions galaxy just
in our universe alone.
And, of course, we are
coming from everywhere.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
been hurt by them?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
>>NOORY: Never.
>>NOORY: So you're
comfortable with them.
>>THORVALDSEN: I'm comfortable.
>>NOORY: Are they at a point now
in their visitations with you
because you've been
contacted how many times now?
>>THORVALDSEN: Close encounters,
physically, close encounters
has been three times
that I know of.
>>NOORY: Including when
you were three years old?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Have they taken you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
the second time
they took me up there,
yeah, on the craft.
Then, I was around 10 years old.
>>NOORY: Have they taken
you to their planet?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
>>NOORY: They haven't done that?
>>NOORY: They just fly you
around and bring you back.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Must have been
one heck of a ride.
>>THORVALDSEN: [LAUGHS] Yeah,
I wish I could remember it.
It would be a nice view.
>>NOORY: Clifford Stone,
Sergeant Clifford Stone
is a whistle-blower.
He was on the Gaia's
Program "Cosmic Disclosure."
And he talked about one of
many of his close encounters.
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Sergeant
Clifford Stone who
has amazing personal experiences
with extraterrestrials
in the military.
Sergeant Stone,
welcome to the show.
>>CLIFFORD STONE: Thank you.
I'm glad to be here.
>>SMITH: Sarge, many
people out there
are claiming ETs are amongst us.
Are they?
>>STONE: I actually
know that to be
true through
personal experiences.
Korona, I remember his
name because he's going
to be with me throughout life.
And sometimes he
creates problems for me.
>>SMITH: Well, what's your
involvement with that?
>>STONE: He's learning from me.
And there's thousands
of people out there
that have a
companion, I'll put it
that way, that's going to
follow them throughout life.
And once again,
they're among us.
He's not going to go into
a social event with me.
I know of at least two other
people who have seen him.
In one instance, it saved
that individual's life.
But they're not--
that's not the purpose.
They're learning from
your experiences.
I can go ahead, look at
this document page by page,
and even if I'm not reading
it, he can actually pick up
on everything that's there.
And he'll fully remember.
And at the same time,
everything I see,
like when I'm going through
my documents, they see.
One instance was
that I had contact
with some people who, they
look very much like you and me,
very normal.
We talked.
And they would
talk about things.
And I was wondering,
gee, where did they
get all their knowledge about
certain things about space,
about our solar system, the
manipulation of space time?
And they finally told me that
we're not from your planet.
>>NOORY: Kate, what
do you think of that?
What do you think of his story?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, I
think that's quite true.
But I must say, I'm glad
that my alien didn't
look as grumpy as this one.
>>NOORY: I was going
to ask you about that,
because this one had a long
nose and everything else.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, mine
was more the small cheek.
>>NOORY: Bigger eyes.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And do they have slits?
>>THORVALDSEN: Tiny, tiny.
But they never used them.
>>NOORY: When you hear
stories of abductions
from other people, regardless
of what has happened to you,
what do you think?
Do you think, well, or what?
>>THORVALDSEN: For me, I think
it's natural to be skeptic.
I have been skeptic myself,
too, to my own close encounters.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>THORVALDSEN: All the things
I have been experiencing
through my whole life, I have
been twisting and turning them
up and down till I can't
even twist them anymore.
And I can't deny
what happened to me.
>>NOORY: From three years old,
when was your next experience?
>>THORVALDSEN: The next
time, I was 10 years old.
>>NOORY: So seven years went by.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And then after that?
Because you said you've
had three major ones.
How old were you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, I
was almost 30 years old.
>>NOORY: Why do you think
there was such a gap?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't know.
I absolutely don't know.
>>NOORY: Was it the same
individual who came to see you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
there were the small ones,
but there were
also the tall ones.
So they were coming in.
>>NOORY: But were
they the ones that
visited you when you were 3?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Same people, basically.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah,
there were both of them.
>>NOORY: I don't want
to call them people.
But what do we call
them, entities?
>>THORVALDSEN:
Entities perhaps, yeah.
>>NOORY: And what do
they want with you?
What do they tell you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
they don't tell me much.
I think that they have been
more preparing me or some way.
>>NOORY: To what?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
I think that that
comes through the cosmology,
astrophysics, stuff like that.
>>NOORY: Now, you say
your family was also
involved in this.
And it goes all the way
back to your grandmother?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What do you think
they want with your family?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't know.
I haven't asked.
>>NOORY: Surely not
every family in Norway
is being abducted, right?
>>THORVALDSEN: No,
I don't think so.
>>NOORY: Or visited.
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
I don't know.
I think that's the
problem for me.
And I also have a lot of
people that are reacting to it,
because I don't have questions.
>>NOORY: When did your
mother and father tell you,
this has been
happening to us, too?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, my father
has never experienced it.
>>NOORY: He has not.
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
So I think that's why my
mother wanted to keep it quiet.
>>NOORY: When did she tell you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, I
was around in my 20s.
>>NOORY: She admitted it to you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Did it shock you?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
>>NOORY: It did not.
>>NOORY: And how did she
describe her experience?
>>THORVALDSEN:
Well, her experience
is that the thing
that she remembered
is that she was seeing three of
them was coming close to her.
And then she was just
reaching out her hand
and said, come no further.
And that's the whole
thing that she remember.
>>NOORY: With where they
live, is it kind of rural?
Are they the only ones
that live out that way?
Or have other people witnessed
seeing these craft come in?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, they were
living in a normal city.
And my-- as I said, my
grandfather and my aunties had
also seen--
they have more or
less seen crafts,
like cigar kind of crafts.
>>NOORY: Sure.
I mean, but would
the city see it,
the population of everybody?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't know.
I don't think so.
They never told me.
>>NOORY: Can they make them
visible only to certain people?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't know.
I guess that you--
perhaps if you
are on the different
frequency or so
that you will see
things differently
than the rest of the people.
>>NOORY: Now, were your
parents ever taken somewhere?
Your mother.
>>THORVALDSEN: My mother,
perhaps, I don't know.
>>NOORY: Is your
mother still with us?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Does she
still talk about this?
>>THORVALDSEN: Absolutely.
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: She likes it?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, she do.
>>NOORY: And she
understands what
has happened to you as well.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Now, when
you tell other people
this, what do they think?
What do they say?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
I don't say so much
about this story in Norway.
And if I do, I do it
in certain groups,
because if you do
this in Norway,
they will think that
you are a nut case.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They think
you need some help?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
[CHUCKLES] You
absolutely, you don't
go to your doctor or
anyone else and say
that I have seen
things like this,
or you have implants,
or whatsoever.
You will-- no, they will call
the people in white frocks.
>>NOORY: Are your
friends knowledgeable
about this situation?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, they are.
>>NOORY: Do they ridicule
you, or do they accept this?
>>THORVALDSEN: They accept it.
>>NOORY: Has any of this
happened to them, too?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
>>NOORY: Just you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Have you yet decided,
and been convinced,
why is this happening to you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well--
>>NOORY: Did they
ever tell you why you?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, they
haven't never told me,
so I just have to guess.
And I think that I have
to take a look at it
in a long lifespan, and
also, as I mentioned before,
with the past lives and so on
that they're also following you
as a consciousness because you
have been one of them before.
>>NOORY: Where are
they coming from?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't know.
I have never asked, because
for me, it's not important,
because I think that we
are coming from everywhere.
>>NOORY: You know, all these
questions I've asked you,
Kate, why don't you ask
them these questions?
>>THORVALDSEN: That's the thing.
I think that we are jumping
a little bit in the subject.
This was in early
'95 or something,
when I was starting
with my downloads.
This just suddenly happened.
And can you imagine
when you are grown up,
and suddenly you
are going to get
the answer of every
question that you
have had in your entire life?
That will be a lot of questions.
>>NOORY: Many questions.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: But great to
have those answers.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, but
for me, it was like--
it's like when you are
looking at the end of a film,
that you are seeing the text.
You're seeing
pictures, films, images
that is just going like this.
And you can see the
rest of the people
and see other things
at the same time.
I was walking around like
this in three months.
It wasn't like that I was
trying to see it or understand
that was coming down.
You just knew.
And the thing is that
when all this was over,
it was like you knew it all,
but it wasn't important anymore.
And it felt like you
were like in ground zero.
So after that, it
feels like I don't
have any questions anymore.
>>NOORY: What would you say has
been the most compelling thing
they've told you about either
yourself, or this planet,
or the future for all of us?
Have they gone into any of that?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
They haven't.
>>NOORY: What do you think
their reason is for coming here?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
I think that they
are interested in our planets.
And I think that they
have always been there,
coming and going.
And as a human species, we
have also been here before.
So I guess that they are just
following the different layers
of humanities.
>>NOORY: May they
have created us?
>>THORVALDSEN: In
a certain point,
I think they have been
helping us a little bit, yes.
>>NOORY: Kind of like
Zecharia Sitchin's theory
of the Annunaki that
came and seeded us
from whatever species was
on this planet at the time.
>>THORVALDSEN: Mm,
I think that they
have been doing
something with our DNA
to upgrade us a little bit.
>>NOORY: Close
encounters-- what would you
say is a major close encounter?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, I had a
serious one when I was almost
30 years old that--
>>NOORY: Tell us about that.
>>THORVALDSEN:
--changed my life a lot.
I was supposed to be in
a cabin for two months,
writing on my book.
And this was a
nice, quiet place.
It was 20 kilometers
to the next people.
So, yeah, I was really
alone out there.
>>NOORY: That's like 15
miles or something, right?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Yeah, OK.
>>THORVALDSEN: And I had no car.
So I could not escape, or
I could not do anything.
I had to call the people
that was owning the cabin
if I want to get back home.
>>NOORY: Come and get you, yeah.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
So I was staying
there for one week.
And then I was waking
up in the morning.
And my first thought was that,
am I getting sick or something?
Because my nose was sore,
and my eyes were sore.
And when I was looking
at myself in the mirror,
I had like this gray-greenish
dried liquid from my eyes
and from my nose.
But the thing that I
was most looking at,
it was this mark on my face.
It was not the pillow mark.
It was like after some
kind of metal thing
that was grip on my face.
So you could see the
clear mark on my face.
And so, yeah, I was
wondering what was going on.
But when you're
living in a cabin,
you're living there alone,
you have to do the fire.
You have to make the
food, and you had
to do all the kind of things.
So it blows away a little bit.
But when the evening
was coming, it was--
I was like a restless
animal in a cage.
I knew something had happened,
but I couldn't remember what.
And I was terrified
to go to sleep.
So I was reading the
same magazine, I think,
about 20 times that night.
And the next day, I
was able to connect
with the owners of the cabin.
So they was coming to get me.
And when they came, and
they brought me back
to the society, where there
was electrical power, then
I can really see
the big difference.
>>NOORY: Back to the world.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah,
because in the cabin,
there was no electricity there.
So, of course, what
is the first thing
we are doing when we are
coming back to the society?
Of course, we have
to charge our phones.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>THORVALDSEN: So I was putting
my charger into the wall,
and it was screaming like
a microphone is screaming.
It was bad.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>THORVALDSEN: And you
can hear the light bulbs.
You can hear everything.
And then people were talking.
It was bad.
So my hearing abilities,
they were enormous.
So I was going with this super
hearing for at least two,
three months.
>>NOORY: Did it drive you crazy?
>>THORVALDSEN: Almost.
I was putting cotton balls
in my ears every time
I had to go out or
interact with people.
>>NOORY: You could hear
voices from everywhere
and things like that?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, it was
just when people were talking.
And you could hear
the electricity.
Even if they were
hidden in the wall,
you can even hear that going on.
It was too bad.
And my boyfriend, he actually,
he had bought me a perfume.
Normally, I was taking the
perfume on to please him.
And this time, I was putting
it on, and I was just--
had to wash it off again
because it was just too much.
So suddenly I was getting
my sense of smell back.
>>NOORY: Let me
ask you this, Kate.
This experience that
you had in this cabin,
was it by the same
type of beings
that had been
visiting you since you
were 3 or a different group?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, since
I didn't know what happened
to me, then we--
[INAUDIBLE] Norway.
We went to Oslo, and we find
a very good hypnotist person
there.
And we were doing
this regression.
And then we found out that when
I was staying in the cabin,
I was lying in my
bed for the night.
And then suddenly,
this gray kind of tall
was coming into the room.
And normally, when you're
seeing the images of them,
you are seeing them lined
up with the old black lines.
But if you were
taking that image
and making it over
to a negative,
so all the black
lines was-- it was
like it was shining instead.
It was a bright
light in the room.
And then I was following this
creature into the living room.
And then I was there
with three others.
They were the small ones.
And they were the ones that were
standing around me, and putting
the helmet on me.
And it almost looked like a bad
horror movies from the '70s.
>>NOORY: Now, you said
earlier that it scared you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, it--
>>NOORY: Now, this would
be one of the first times
these entities have scared you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
it did not scare me.
The thing that scared
me, it was because I
didn't know what happened.
>>NOORY: What happened to you?
>>THORVALDSEN: The thing
was that they were putting
this kind of helmet on my head.
>>NOORY: For?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
I think that they
were heightening my senses.
>>NOORY: Is that where
that big thing came, that--
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, they
had this, like this arms--
>>NOORY: --put that mark on you?
>>THORVALDSEN: --around
here, with like these forks
that is going around that
is going up in my nose.
And I hate people
touching my nose.
And there was also
these kind of needles
that was going into my ears.
And for that-- for
a split second,
I remember what happened to
me when I was 10 years old.
So I asked them, please don't
let me remember anything more.
So from that moment on,
everything was gray.
>>NOORY: They listened to you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
So from-- so this hypnotist
guy, he was trying to work on me
for two hours to see if he could
break through the gray area,
and he couldn't.
>>NOORY: A little hypnotherapy
did not work for you.
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
>>NOORY: I interviewed author
Ron Felber some time ago
on "Beyond Belief"
about an abduction story
that occurred in
the Mojave desert.
And let's take a look
at this encounter.
>> So they're
experimenting with them.
Did they ever physically
take them somewhere?
>> Well, these experiments
went on for hours.
And as I--
>> Emotional.
Emotional experiments--
>> --I would call them.
>> And as I mentioned, they
thought they were going to have
a heart attack.
And so when they would
get so worked up,
praying and literally
pinching one another--
and this is the kind of detail
that makes it so credible
to me--
pinching one another.
What do you see?
Describe this to me.
I mean, this is exactly
what people would do.
And so when they felt they were
on the verge of either going
mad or dying physically,
a mist would come in.
And it would calm them,
like a anesthesia or a--
>> Like a spray, huh?
>> Yeah, like a mist would
just cloud into the camper.
And it would calm them.
And it was almost like
scientists keeping,
I don't know, animals
alive for experimentation.
We don't want them
to die because we
need to do more experiments.
>> Wow.
>> And so they were kept
purposefully from having heart
attacks or from going--
>> Keeping them calm.
>> Exactly, which I found,
like, quite incredible.
But they do wind up--
>> What a story.
>> But they do wind
up on the craft.
They wake up with no memory
of being on the craft.
And it was recovered
retrogressively.
>> Do they know if it
took them anywhere,
or if they just were
carried along the craft?
>> I tell you, it's
another interesting aspect
to the story.
I mentioned this sort of
triangular mining searcher
they called it, that the craft--
>> Now, that was separate
from the bigger craft, right?
>> Correct.
But it came out of the
bigger craft, yeah.
>> OK.
>> And they felt the
ground, like, rumbling.
They felt the ground
vibrating beneath them.
And they felt the camper
ultimately being lifted up.
The entire-- like the
ground didn't change.
The horizon--
>> Sucked it right in.
>> Yes, everything, the
horizon, everything.
>> That happens.
>> They felt a very cool--
everything got cold.
And the rest is blank
to them and, again,
was recovered through
retrogressive hypnosis
by Dr. William Anixter in
Asheville, North Carolina.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of that, Kate?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, I
think that's very similar,
that you're coming
to a second point.
And then you don't
remember anything more.
>>NOORY: It's gone.
It's like they block it out.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, but
for me, I was asking for it.
>>NOORY: They have that
ability to do that.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I was watching a
segment about "Men in Black,"
and that they had
been talking about how
the ETs had a device that
could make you forget.
They'd hold it up to your head.
Maybe they did that to you, too.
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't know.
I can't remember that
I was seeing any.
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: Do you have devices
implanted in your body?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, the
thing is that for many years,
I was joking about
perhaps I have implants.
Perhaps I don't.
I heard a lot about implants.
And then a friend of
mine, he was telling me
that he was working
on cases like this.
And he tells me, why don't you
buy one of those DnM magnets
and try it on your
neck, because I
had this tiny little
triangle-shaped thing
that I could feel on my neck.
>>NOORY: You could
feel a bump there.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, and,
of course, walking around,
joking about it, and
then buying them,
and then they are actually
sticking is a big wow.
And I had a friend coming over.
And he said, since your nose
has been closed more or less
since you were 10 years old, why
don't you try it on your nose,
too?
So I did, and they were
sticking there, too.
So he says, OK, this could
be a little bit of fun.
So the thing is
that when you're--
I was trying to make my
body temperature as neutral
as possible, clean as possible.
And then we had a little
research party all over,
almost, with the tiny
magnets to see if they stick.
And we found out
that now we have
up to a little bit
under 30 implants.
And they are symmetrical placed.
Up here, both sides
here, both here, here,
and five in the front,
all the way down my spine,
and lower back, and
also now down here.
And I also brought some
of the magnets with me.
Of course, now I have
a lot of makeup on.
So it will be interesting
to see if they stick.
Quite strong.
>>NOORY: How many, would you
say, total you have, Kate?
>>THORVALDSEN: As I know of,
it's around 28, 30-something.
So as you can see,
they will not fall off.
>>NOORY: Yeah, we'll take
a shot of that later.
>>THORVALDSEN: See, if I
take it on the other side,
this will not fall off either.
>>NOORY: It's magnetized to
some device inside of you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
So--
>>NOORY: Are they tracking
devices that they put in you?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't think so.
A lot of people are asking
me if they are tracking.
Perhaps they are.
But I think that if there
are tracking devices,
I think there will be more
than enough with just one.
There was a friend
of mine that said
that the way they
are placed, it's
like you are like a walking,
talking radio antenna.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>THORVALDSEN: And when it comes
to all the implants things,
and to the download
things that I am doing,
I think that can
be a possibility.
That's why they are there.
>>NOORY: Elon Musk is
working on having chips
implanted in people's
heads, in their brains.
I don't know how far off
this kind of technology is.
But let's assume the ETs
have developed it eons ago,
and they've been
doing that to people
now, where they're
putting in chips
in your head and little
devices and things like that.
Do they manipulate you?
Do they control you?
Do you sometimes get these
thoughts that aren't yours?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
>>NOORY: But they're being--
you're being told something?
>>THORVALDSEN: No,
I don't think so.
For me, the only-- when
I have contact with them,
or they are trying
to connect with me,
it's more like a
telepathic message.
And they are normally
coming through quite clear.
>>NOORY: Do you remember
anything about them?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, I-- not
that I have been out there
or anything like that,
just that there are--
just from those times when we
had the close interactions.
>>NOORY: Why don't
you get them removed?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't want to.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>THORVALDSEN: I
think-- no, I think
that since they are
symmetrical placed,
I think that they are
there for a reason.
I also think that
they are actually
helping me with the
things that I am doing.
>>NOORY: You've got 29
devices in your body,
and you don't want them removed?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
And I also-- the thing is
that I also have three of them
like a pyramid shaped,
right on my heart.
And--
>>NOORY: Well, how do you
know they're helping you?
>>THORVALDSEN: For me,
it's just a feeling.
And for me, I
have, in my family,
we are also having a
serious high blood pressure.
Mine, at times, can
be up to 180 over 110.
>>NOORY: Take medication.
>>THORVALDSEN: No, I don't
want to take medication.
I don't like drugs
in my system at all.
My body tells me that they
don't like the medication.
>>NOORY: These devices
are controlling your blood
pressure?
>>THORVALDSEN: I think that
they are keeping more--
>>NOORY: Are they bringing
it down to a normal level?
>>THORVALDSEN:
Well, not all, but I
think that they are
keeping me here.
And when I'm doing
everything right
with my diet and
everything, then I'm
actually able to lower it.
>>NOORY: Over what
period of time
do you think these 29 devices
were implanted in you?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't know.
They can have been putting in
there since I was 10 years old.
Or if they--
>>NOORY: Or 3.
>>THORVALDSEN: Possibly.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>THORVALDSEN: But
since I remember--
since I feel that I
remember everything
that happened when
I was 3 years old,
I'm not including that time.
>>NOORY: Have you had these
devices scanned and X-rayed?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah,
we took X-rays.
We did.
And that was actually a little
bit funny because, of course,
you can't go to your
local doctor and say,
hey, I think that I have
implants in my body.
Can you take X-rays of them?
Of course, they will,
again, call the man
in white, not the man in black--
>>NOORY: Yeah, take you away.
>>THORVALDSEN: --but
the man in white.
Take her away, yeah.
So they also [INAUDIBLE]
from Norway, they
had this chiropractor that
had his own X-ray machine.
So they were actually sneaking
me in from the back door.
They did not even put
my name in the schedule.
>>NOORY: Wow,
that's interesting.
Sean Stone has had a program on
Gaia for some time now called
"Buzzsaw."
And he had an interview with
a channeler named Kaia Ra.
And she talks a little
bit about downloads.
Let's see this.
>> So the Sophia Dragon Tribe,
I met them at-- while I was
living on the side
of Mount Shasta,
I was taken into the light
in a very unexpected moment.
In that moment, all of reality,
physical reality, was gone.
And I was just sitting
there with my laptop.
And out of the
source light, a voice
came and called herself Sophia.
And I was just in
shock, and I thought,
the Greek goddess of Wisdom?
But I didn't see a form.
And she said, no, I
am the Divine Mother
Kratrix of All Life.
And so we had this very poignant
conversation about sovereignty
and humanity's
divinity, and that she
had a high council of
ascended master beings
that were exceptional teachers
on the sovereign divinity
of humanity, and how to
activate the reconciliation
and remembrance of
that sovereign divinity
within humanity's
collective consciousness.
So I had been working with the
ascended masters and angels
individually for my whole life.
But when I met
this high council,
there were so many faces.
And they were so advanced.
And they came from, really,
the highest spaces and places
in the multiverse form.
And I realized that I had
come home to the council
that I was meant to work
with for the rest of my life.
>>NOORY: So that was
her download, Kate.
How about yours?
What happened?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, after those
three months with the downloads
with my own questions,
as I said, I was--
I felt like I was
at ground zero.
I didn't think
much more about it.
I was just continued busy
during my day, or my schedules.
And I remember it so well
when this happened, because I
was standing in my basement.
I was working on a wedding
dress for a friend of mine.
>>NOORY: Not yours.
>>THORVALDSEN: Not mine, no.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>THORVALDSEN: And trust
me, I had a deadline, too.
So what thing-- the things
that was going to happen,
it was absolutely
not on my mind, no.
I was down there working.
And then suddenly, I'm
hearing these numbers--
1, 3, 7, 12.
OK, didn't tell me much.
>>NOORY: In your head?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
And then it repeated
itself several times.
OK, still didn't tell me much.
And then suddenly
I was seeing this,
like a, you know, the
pearls, a string of pearls.
And then I see another
one, but then it's
more like it's shaped like a
DNA but without the bindings.
And then it starts to grow and
grow and grow and become more
like a 12-string DNA.
And even then, it starts
to grow and grow and grow.
And then suddenly,
it was like someone
was taking my consciousness
and just drag it
out the backside of
my head and just--
shwew-- out.
And I was not outside
our house, or I was even
outside our universe and
even outside of everything.
So I was like I was hanging out
there, outside of the total.
And I was looking
back at the total.
So I can see like the doughnut
shape kind of very complex DNA
string with pearls.
And I can also see the big light
that was surrounding it all,
like where the consciousness.
And I understood what it was.
And I felt so humble
when I was hanging there.
And just, wow, it
was just stunning.
And then in the next
moment, I was just,
like my consciousness
was just dragged back in,
into one of the spheres.
And I saw something that looked
like a atom and electrons,
but it wasn't.
Actually the atom
and the electrons
is actually the copies
of the bigger picture.
So then I was
following one of those.
They were actually multiverses
and the multiverse core
that was inside one
of those spheres.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>THORVALDSEN: And
then I was starting
to follow one of
the multi-universes.
And that one explode.
That was our big bang.
And then I was following
the whole cycle,
what happened from there
on, until I was coming back
to a system, planetary system
that I can actually recognize.
And then, whoops, I was
back in my basement.
>>NOORY: Your book is
called "A Hybrid's Story."
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's a fascinating
book about your life,
many of the things we've
talked about tonight.
When you wrote it, did
they give you any help?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, they didn't.
>>NOORY: This was all you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Because
this one is my bio.
This is about my
close encounters,
but it's also a lot of
my paranormal events
or experiences,
too, and past lives.
>>NOORY: Of everything that's
happened to you in your life,
what would you say has
been the strangest?
>>THORVALDSEN: Oh, ooh.
>>NOORY: For you.
>>THORVALDSEN: It
is difficult to say
because there has been so many.
And I think that
I am not looking
at them as strange for me.
They are more like teaching.
>>NOORY: Are they
normal for you now?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
They are teaching
me in so many ways,
learning me to open my eyes to
see things in a bigger view.
I can tell you a short
one, if you have time.
>>NOORY: Yeah, please.
>>THORVALDSEN:
Many years back, I
had four horses, also
a quarter from here.
And one of my other
horses, she had kicked her.
So she had broken her--
the back bone here.
>>NOORY: Ouch, yeah.
>>THORVALDSEN: And we
had to call the vet.
And we also know that we
want to have to put her down.
And we also had to call the
butcher, so he was on his way.
And I was sitting in my office.
And I was thinking,
it was overwhelming
feeling that this was so wrong.
And then in the
next moment, then I
am seeing myself in the vision
in front of me as an Indian.
I saw myself from the back, with
black hair, long white feather,
bare body, holding my arms
around the neck of the horse.
And I saw some other Indians.
But then in the next moment,
I having this older man
this close to my face.
And he looks me
straight in the eyes.
And he says to me, never
leave your beloved ones
in death to strangers.
And then he disappeared.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>THORVALDSEN: So then I
knew that this job was mine,
not the butcher's.
So I had to tell my boyfriend at
the time that this job is mine
to do.
And he said, no.
Yes, the only way this
going to happen, my way.
And he also called the butcher.
And the butcher
said, he has been
working with this
for 30 years, never
experienced anything like it.
But, of course, if
no one would know,
then it was OK, because, of
course, it's not illegal.
So when he came, he was
giving me the nail gun.
And he showed me what to do.
And then they all left.
So I got my horse out.
He was just walking on three
legs, not a pretty sight.
>>NOORY: It must've
been horrible for you.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, but my
own feelings was not important.
So I had put myself
and my feelings
away, because the horse
would have been reading me
as an open book.
So I put my hands over
her eyes, after I give her
a little food, asked
her to forgive me,
and put the trigger off.
>>NOORY: Oh, horrible
thought, horrible.
>>THORVALDSEN: But after
that, I could scream.
But I had never, ever regret it.
And I also see now
that in our society,
that is exactly
what we are doing.
We are leaving our beloved
ones to a stranger in death.
So for me, I--
when I bought my
next house, I bought
it big enough so I can
have my mother downstairs.
I want to take care of her.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
astrophysics and consciousness.
How does that
relate to the things
that have happened to you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Wow.
How many programs
do you want to make?
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
after this download, when
it comes to the physics
stuff, of course,
I became a little bit more
interested into the topic.
And the good thing is
with this that when
you are getting these
kind of downloads,
they are become
like a part of you.
So I guess that if the
school system was working
in the same way,
I guess you would
be doing-- finishing your
school in one week or one year.
So they are sticking
with you forever.
But I also learned that for me
to move forward, since I am,
like I am on the stage
that I don't have
any questions anymore, I need
to interact with people that
are working in physics or
science that can have questions
that can trigger my mind.
And when they do
trigger my mind,
then I will start seeing
the film, and things occur.
>>NOORY: Another one of our
Gaia shows, "Mystery Teachings,"
is with Dr. Theresa
Bullard, where
she talks about the
origins of the universe.
>> We are all familiar with
the dramatic words of Genesis
describing the creation
of Heaven and Earth.
But long before the
Bible was ever written,
creation stories
have been a part
of every spiritual and shamanic
tradition throughout the world.
We yearn to understand this vast
universe and our place in it.
Most creation stories fall
under one of two types.
Either the universe was
created from nothing,
or it is eternal, with
no beginning or end.
But as we'll see through the
union of modern astrophysics
and ancient mystery school
teachings of cosmology,
we can reconcile these
two contrasting views
and gain new insights into
the nature of the multiverse.
>>NOORY: So what do you
think of the multiverse?
What do you think
of the universe?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, when
it comes to the multiverses,
I think that there are
many, many multiverses
around the multiverse core.
>>NOORY: Were you taught
that, told that by the ETs?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, that was the
vision that I had when I had
this first--
>>NOORY: OK.
>>THORVALDSEN: --downloading
when it comes to this topics.
So, yeah, I can see how
they are interacting,
not so much interacting
with each other.
But I can see how the
system works, how they are,
like, they are
producing universes,
and how the universe
is expanding inside
of every one of the spheres,
and how all of it grows.
>>NOORY: How many downloads
have you had, Kate?
>>THORVALDSEN: I
don't know, many.
That--
>>NOORY: Do they do it on their
own, or do you ask for it?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
Normally, I need something
to trigger my mind.
And a lot of times,
when I'm working
on my book, when it comes
to the physics part,
then I'm trying to categorize.
And sometimes, then that
also can trigger my mind.
And then I have to
do that bit instead.
So it's not a wonder why
my book takes so long.
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: But can you
summon them for help?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, I don't.
I don't need to.
>>NOORY: You don't do that.
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
The thing is that I'm working
very much in the same way
as Tesla is doing.
When he was working
on his engines,
he was seeing his engine like
a 3D film in front of him.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>THORVALDSEN: So he can
take one part, put it
into the engine, and
he can very easily
see if that one fits or not.
So when I-- when-- the thing
that I saw to begin with,
it was like you are showing the
bigger picture, the big engine.
And later on, all of this
stuff that I am getting now
is the smaller and
smaller, smaller part
that fits in to this machine.
So when I hear some
other scientists trying
to tell me about them,
how their theory works,
I don't hear his theory.
I see his theory.
And I can put this
theory into the stuff
that I am having, so I
can actually see what part
that works and
what doesn't work.
>>NOORY: Have you visualized
how the universe was formed?
And we're taking God out of
the equation for a moment.
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, I
didn't need to visualize it.
I never do, because I'm
just getting the downloads.
For me, it's very important for
me to not put myself into it,
because if I'm trying
to put my stuff into it,
then I'm messing up with the
downloads that I'm getting.
>>NOORY: What do you want people
to learn from your experience?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, when
it comes to my physics
part or the cosmology
part, it's more like
that I'm trying to
fill in the gaps,
so they can see how everything
works in the bigger pictures.
When it comes to the
science, most of the science,
they are not putting their
consciousness part together
with the science.
And if they don't, they will
never, ever get to the result.
>>NOORY: Since this has happened
to you, since you were 3
and at this point
now, where would you
like this to take
you personally?
I mean, you've made
this progression
over all these years.
What's next for you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, I think
that that must be to be done
with my cosmology, this book
that is called "The Creation--
Where Physics and
Consciousness Meet."
And with this book,
I will try to, yeah,
learn the everyday people
without science background.
>>NOORY: When will it be done?
>>THORVALDSEN:
Hopefully, this fall.
So, yeah, and there will be
no formulas in this book,
because I don't do formulas.
I don't understand formulas.
And I also think that you don't
need formulas to understand
how everything works.
>>NOORY: Is there anything
there that a scientist would
read and go, that's not real?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well, I have
been very lucky, actually,
because I was in Bulgaria,
for example, two years back.
The person that was having this
conference, he was a professor,
[INAUDIBLE].
And he is a professor
in astrophysics
and also been to space
programs, et cetera.
And he really embraced the
thing that I was doing.
>>NOORY: He understood it.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
And he was also
asking me questions.
And he was actually also getting
the answers straight back.
So I guess I was blowing
his mind a little bit.
But the thing is that
they are actually--
they want to work with me.
When I was starting with
this, I was actually
thinking that, OK,
I make my stuff.
And I will run after
the science people
and show them, or
try to show them,
will you please
take a look at this?
But surprisingly to me, it
actually has been the opposite.
>>NOORY: If you had
never had these contacts
from these entities,
where would you
be today in terms of your
own personal advancement?
>>THORVALDSEN: I
don't know, actually.
I think that I will
hopefully always
been spiritual, always trying
to be seeking, to begin answer.
>>NOORY: But do you
think they've helped you?
>>THORVALDSEN: I think so.
>>NOORY: These experiences?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, I
think so, absolutely.
You are getting a
view perspective.
>>NOORY: Do you expect
more in the future?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah, I do.
I think that we are
never stop learning.
We will always learn.
>>NOORY: If there was something
catastrophic about to happen,
would they tell you?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't think so.
>>NOORY: They won't warn you?
>>THORVALDSEN: No,
I don't think so.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>THORVALDSEN: They have
never done that before.
But if they--
I don't know.
>>NOORY: I mean, did
they warn you about 9/11,
the tragedy there?
Nothing like that.
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
But when it comes to the
earthquakes, I am not--
I don't think that they
are actually warning me.
I just think that that
is one of the things
that I can sense
because of all of this,
because I've become
that sensitive,
because I could actually feel
the earthquake in Norway when--
in back in 2004, when
we had the big tsunamis
and all of that in the east.
>>NOORY: Do they know?
Do they know the future?
>>THORVALDSEN: I don't
think that they are
that interested in the future.
I think that they are
also the same as us.
They are learning.
They are expanding, very
much the same thing.
I think that a lot of people
are thinking at the east--
at the ETs as gods, that
they know everything,
they can do everything, and they
can help us with everything.
I just think that they
are just the same way
as we are, of course
more advanced than us.
But they are still goods--
they are goods,
and they are bad.
And they are still learning.
>>NOORY: Same group that has
visited you since you were 3?
Or has that changed?
>>THORVALDSEN: No,
they are the same.
>>NOORY: And have they
specifically told you
where they are out
there in the universe?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, they haven't.
>>NOORY: And you haven't asked?
>>THORVALDSEN: No.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>THORVALDSEN: Because
I've never been interested,
because--
>>NOORY: I'd be curious.
I'd say, where are you from?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah,
I've never been.
>>NOORY: Tell me
the star system.
>>THORVALDSEN:
[CHUCKLES] I think
that the reason why they
don't tell you the star
system because it's that huge.
>>NOORY: Would they
tell you if you asked?
>>THORVALDSEN: I think so.
But still, I think
that it's so huge.
And since-- I think
that they also
think that since I have all the
knowledge that I already have,
and the way that I see
how the system works, then
they will also know that
it's not a necessarity for me
to know exactly where I
came from, because that's
a human typical thing,
that we need to point out,
oh, I come from that star.
It's not important to say
that you come from that star
if you can say
that you are coming
from trillions of places.
>>NOORY: Are you an ET?
>>THORVALDSEN: No,
I don't think so.
Perhaps they did something with
my mother's DNA or something.
I don't know.
>>NOORY: Do you believe
in reincarnation?
>>THORVALDSEN: Absolutely, yeah.
>>NOORY: Might you have
been one in a past life?
>>THORVALDSEN: Absolutely.
I remember several lives.
>>NOORY: Maybe that's
why there's a connection.
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You know, there's
got to be a reason.
>>THORVALDSEN: I think so.
>>NOORY: In your
book, "The Hybrid,"
that connotates a creation
of an entity between human
and whatever they are.
Could that be you?
>>THORVALDSEN: Absolutely.
Why not?
>>NOORY: So you
don't rule that out?
>>THORVALDSEN: No, I don't.
>>NOORY: How can people get more
information about what you do?
>>THORVALDSEN: Well,
they can go on my home
page, www.katethorvaldsen.com.
And they can also find the
information on my books there.
And they can also
find more information
on all my close encounters,
and also about past lives.
>>NOORY: Kate, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah,
thank you for being here.
>>NOORY: From
childhood encounters,
to major encounters, this
life-changing experience
of downloads, Kate has
really seen it all.
And if you want to know
more about Kate's story,
check out her book,
"A Hybrid's Story."
And watch out for her next one.
It'll come out soon.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."